iVIS LiveView app Data Deletion Policy
Overview
We understand that you have the right to control your personal data. This policy explains how we collect, use, and delete your personal data when you use the iVIS LiveView app.
What data do we collect?
We collect the following types of data from you:
Account information: This includes your name.
Usage data: This includes information about how you use the app, such as the features you access and the content you view.
Device data: This includes information about your device, such as its model, operating system.
How do we use your data?
We use your data to provide you with the best possible experience when using the iVIS LiveView app. We also use your data to improve the app and to develop new features.
How do we delete your data?
You can delete your account and all of your associated data at any time by contacting us at [software@ivis.net] We will delete your data within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request.
Exceptions to data deletion
We may retain certain data for legitimate reasons, such as to comply with legal obligations, to prevent fraud, or to resolve disputes.
Changes to this policy
We may update this policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on our website.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or about how we use your data, please contact us at [software@ivis.net]
Example of how to use the data deletion policy in your app
You can provide a link to the data deletion policy in your app's privacy settings. You can also include a link to the policy in your app's account deletion process.
For example, if your app allows users to create accounts, you could include the following text in your account deletion process:
Delete your account and all associated data
To delete your account and all associated data, please click the following link: [link to data deletion policy]
Once you have clicked the link, you will be asked to confirm your deletion request. Once you have confirmed your request, your account and all associated data will be deleted within a reasonable period of time.
